hateful
When did Wang Zhongqi suffer from such anger?
Enough, look at you now
Like someone who does big things?
Uncle, the rank of this Citimonth does not decrease, but increases
What do you think we should do now?
Don't worry, God of Heaven will not be able to do it for long
Citi Month openly opposes the power under the dragon
He will never end well
There is Zhang Zhonglang's sentence
I don't worry.
Mr. Wang, back then, you massacred the odd flower family
They didn't kill anybody.
You are too careless
How could this army possibly commit
Such a low-level mistake
I just learned
There are tombstones of Lin Yuanzhou and Hua Wuji on Baihe Mountain
Someone often cleans
Pardon me?
When you were in the army
Conspiracy to slaughter all the petty money
And charged them with treason and collaboration with the enemy
I didn't expect someone to still remember them
It seems that there is Yu Nian surname Cun
The army must immediately send men to destroy these two graves
Shovel off dad
Otherwise, leave it to me to do it
Anyway, I'm worried that I have nowhere to be angry
Do it now
The centennial celebration of Mr. Wang Junlong is approaching
Aren't you going to do something?
What about this?
I'm worried
After all, the Heaven Dou Legion
That's something our Wang family can't afford to offend
Hmm, that's easy to handle
We can cooperate.
I wish you power
You wish me to replace Citi Moon as the God of Heaven Dou
Okay, that's what I was waiting for.